Welcome to this new section, I'm very excited that you're here, so as you know, the whole point of
this course is to get you going with composed jetpack compose, which means that we're going to be building
things.
OK, so I don't want to make this a boring situation where you just are learning concepts, but we are
going to be building things and we learn that way.
So, OK, so what is there going to be building next?
Well, next, we're going to be building this awesome jet.
This awesome tip application because the world needs another tape app.
But the idea really here is to, of course, to go through the process of putting together a full fledged
compose app and learn about other kinds of composable functions which are widgets and so forth.
So that's the whole idea of how we do that.
And so now I'm going to show you a live demo of this app.
So the idea is very simple.
When you first open the app, you will be prompted with adding some sort of a bill.
OK.
And so in this case, here, it can go ahead and change the split amount.
So if you are going to dinner with a few friends or a friend, you can put the amount the entire bill,
which is 100 in this case.
And then we want to split by two or two people.
And then, of course, right away, you can also slide left and right.
You have a nice slider here, and this will determine what amount of tip we want to give you.
Services, well, good.
And it can go, let's say, about three, OK?
And that just tells us at the top there you can see right here.
He tells us at the top there the total per person, so for two people, $100 and we want to tip 33 percent.
We can add 33 to 100.
That's 133 divided by two.
It's 66 50.
OK, and we can add, of course, depending on how many people decided to join the party.
We can keep adding the split in this case.
Five, you can see the numbers are changing.
The amount per person that has to pay is always changing.
If we decide that you know it's just us tonight, one person, there's one in Whyalla.
This is the whole amount that we will have to pay.
So there are a lot of moving parts here, not only the user interface, but also the logic behind it
in how to put together such things and compose.
So this is what are we going to be doing next?
And let's go ahead and get started.